KEITH/SPECTRA: I traveled to the Mother Palace
for one last attempt at destroying Zenoheld's
Alternative Weapon System, but unfortunately I was
too late.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Once I saw it fully assembled it was
even more terrifying than I had ever imagined.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Professor Clay had even figured out
a way to link it to FARBROS.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Now it's up to Gus and I to destroy
this thing ourselves...
If only I hadn't left the Brawlers behind.
We sure could use their help!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[\u266a]
DAN: How we doin', Marucho?
BARON: Have you found the Mother Palace yet?
MARUCHO: [sigh] Ah..no, it's harder than I thought.
MIRA: After Keith took us there the last time...
we should have copied down the coordinates.
DAN: How were we supposed to know.
It's not like we thought we'd ever have to go back
there again.
DAN: Wait a sec...
Drago, could your evolved powers transport us?
DRAGO: I'm not sure. I don't think so.
MARUCHO: We'd still need some kind of precise
coordinates to make a jump like that.
BARON: There must be something we can do.
SHUN: The Dimension Transporter Gate...
BARON: Huh?
DAN: [gasp]
SHUN: Mylene and Shadow Prove used it to travel
here from the Palace.
Wouldn't it leave some kind of breadcrumb trail?
MARUCHO: Maybe...
I think... If I do it right...
MARUCHO: I just might be able to track the
signature data path it would have left behind in
the atmosphere.
ACE: And there's our road map to the palace.
JULIE: Uh wow. Nice one there Marucho!
MARUCHO: I should double-check the
calculations with Dr. Michael.
DAN: So let's do it, then.
[\u266a]
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: All For One.
RUNO: It was right here.
BARON: No it was here.
JULIE: No here.
ACE: Finding their entry point is just hopeless.
DAN: [frustrated] We still gotta try.
ACE: Well, there's got to be a better way.
DAN: Like what, smart guy?
DAN: Alice! Dr. Michael!
DR. MICHAEL: Yes. We came as soon as we heard.
Now let's get started.
ALICE: Alright!
DR. MICHAEL: This is definitely the room where
the Vexos entered using the Dimensional Transporter.
DAN: Hey, Alice. What's that funny thing on his head?
ALICE: It helps him find the residual...
...signature path from the Dimension Gate.
DAN: And then?
ALICE: Well Dan, with a precise location, we can
follow the path backward more easily.
MARUCHO: And, it's like following a set of footprints.
DR. MICHAEL: [gasp]
DR. MICHAEL: There are wavelengths present but
they're weak.
DR. MICHAEL: This may take more than a little while.
DR. MICHAEL: Alice! Marucho! I need your help!
ALICE/MARUCHO: Yes sir.
MIRA: Why would Keith just go and run off like that?
Maybe if I had been paying more attention I would
have seen that something was wrong.
DAN: Don't be so hard on yourself, Mira.
Dr. Michael will figure out the pathway soon
enough and then we'll go find him.
INGRAM: That's right!
NEMUS: We're all in this...
PERCIVAL: ...together!
DAN: Come on, cheer up will ya?
You bringing us all down. Owowowowowowowow!
RUNO: Listen you insensitive, jerk...
RUNO: You wouldn't know this because you're always
the first to charge into battle...
...but it's hard when you're the one left behind waiting.
I know how you feel, Mira.
JULIE: Yeah, Runo and I are always left behind to
worry about you guys while you're brawling.
RUNO: But we're always with you guys in spirit.
You know what I mean?
...and so to keep ourselves prepared to jump in at a
moment's notice.
In case you need us to fight. Got it?
JULIE: Yeah! You bet we do!
RUNO: Now it's your turn to be with Keith in spirit.
And wait until he needs you.
TIGRERRA: That's true.
DAN: We should've... said thank you.
RUNO: For what ... Dan?
DAN: For always standing by us.
RUNO: [gasp]
You don't have to thank us. Ok?
DAN: Wicked! Now let's get some practice in before the palace!
RUNO: [frustrated scream] You're impossible!
DAN: Ooooof.
NEMUS: Training's a good idea.
BARON: I'm down with that.
It'll be a great warm up for our palace battle.
DAN: Let's go!
ACE: I'm in too!
SHUN: Slow down. We'll all have a chance.
[\u266a]
TIGRERRA: Runo?
GOREM: Julie?
RUNO: Hmmm? Guys is something wrong?
JULIE: You okay?
TIGRERRA: If we could have a moment.
There's something we'd like to discuss.
WILLDA: Excellent idea.
[\u266a]
PROFESSOR CLAY: All systems are go!
Battle System Level One is on standby.
ZENOHELD: Ability, Zeus System...
ZENOHELD: Activate!
[\u266a]
GUS: [grunt]
ZENOHELD: Prepare to burn, you swine!
HELIOS: [grunt, exertion/pain]
GUS: Master Spectra! We need to fall back!
HELIOS: [angry growl]
KEITH/SPECTRA: You haven't won yet, old man!
GAUNTLET: Ready Twin Destructor!
[\u266a]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Battle Gear... Boost!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Go, Battle Gear Helios!
[\u266a]
HELIOS: [rising, mighty roar]
ZENOEHELD: Time to disappear!
Ability activate! Valvold!
PROFESSOR CLAY: Commence energy charge.
Set optical rifling compression rate to 46...
Activate barrel cooler.
Ready to fire on your command, sir!
ZENOHELD: Fiiiiiiiire!
[blast]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Ability activate!
Twin Destructor Level 3!
HELIOS: [mighty, rising roar]
[\u266a]
HELIOS: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!
VULCAN/HELIOS: [grunt, exertion]
[\u266a]
DAN: [gasp] Ah what?
You don't want to battle any more?
DRAGO: Are you sure that's what you want?
DAN: Guys, if you want to take a break that's cool
but we...
TIGRERRA: Thank-you for the offer but we've made
our decision.
GOREM: For us to continue wouldn't be fair to the team.
DRAGO: That's not -
TIGRERRA: - It's okay.
We know our limits and we're fine with them.
We haven't evolved like the rest of you.
DRAGO: But...
TIGRERRA: Drago, we're not leaving you.
We're just shifting our focus.
GOREM: To being companions for our Brawlers.
TIGRERRA: For us to battle with sub-standard strength
would be putting Runo and Julie at risk.
And that would be irresponsible and wrong.
DRAGO: I understand.
DAN: You'll always be part of the team.
DRAGO: And always part of the family.
DAN: Mmmm. Like Runo said, we'll always be with
each other in spirit.
Ok you guys?
RUNO: Boy Tigrerra and Gorem really took us by surprise.
I wonder how the others are handling the news.
JULIE: I'm sure they're not bothered by it at all.
We never were the Brawlers that they were.
RUNO: You know what I said, earlier to Mira
about being okay...
RUNO: ... sitting back while they battled?
It wasn't true.
JULIE: I know.
RUNO: I hated taking a back seat but the only
thing that made it bearable was you.
JULIE: Really?
JULIE: I kinda felt the same about you.
RUNO: You're a really good friend, Julie.
JULIE: You and me babe, we're BFFs forever,
isn't that right girl?
RUNO/JULIE: [giggle]
Huh?
RUNO: What the...?
MARUCHO: Attention everyone.
We've locked on to the location of the Mother Palace.
DAN: You did it Marucho!
Let's head to the main entrance!
MARUCHO: Actually, I couldn't have done it
without the help of Dr. Michael and Alice.
ELFIN: Hey, don't forget about me!
PREYAS: All you did was run around yelling and screaming.
ELFIN: Cheerleading is an important job.
MARUCHO: Yeah yeah yeah, you're right Elfin.
You were both a great help. Heh heh.
DR. MICHAEL: It's time to go.
DAN: Ready, Drago buddy?
DRAGO: Absolutely.
[\u266a]
DAN: Let's hit it, guys.
RUNO: Good luck everyone.
DAN: Huh?
RUNO: We'll stay here and hold down the fort.
TIGRERRA: My lady.
JULIE: We'll be having good thoughts for you
while you're gone.
RUNO: Yup!
DAN: Runo...
MIRA: Are you guys sure?
DAN: Mmmm-hmmm.
DAN: Listen guys. It's good to know you've got our backs,
wherever you are.
RUNO: Hah. Thanks Dan.
JULIE: Now enough of the talking.
Time to get brawling.
DAN: Mmmm-hmmm. You're right. Let's go.
[\u266a]
GUS: Let's destroy Zenoheld once and for all
Master Spectra!
[\u266a]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Focus Gus! Time to battle!
DAN: What the heck happened here?
SHUN: I've never seen such devastation.
ACE: [grunt] What the...?
MIRA: [gasp]
MARUCHO: Is that the Alternative? !
DAN: Oh man!
SHUN: It's gigantic!
DAN: [angry growl]
HELIOS: Doesn't this thing ever run out of energy.
It just keeps shooting.
ACE: Look! It's Helios and Vulcan!
DAN: Well, there's no point in just standing around.
It's time to rock!
MARUCHO: Alright! BARON: Okay!
GAUNTLET: Gauntlet activated.
ALL: Gauntlet, power strike!
DAN: Let's do this Drago!
DRAGO: You bet!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan stand!
MIRA: Bakugan... Brawl!
MIRA: Bakugan stand!
SHUN: Bakugan... Brawl!
SHUN: Bakugan stand! Rise Ventus Master Ingram!
ACE: Bakugan Brawl!
ACE: Go Darkus Night Percival!
BARON: Oh yeah! Bakugan Brawl!
BARON: Bakugan stand!
Here we go Nemus!
MARUCHO: Elfin and Preyas...
No more cheerleading... Time to battle.
Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Bakugan stand!
[\u266a]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Gus, our weapons are useless from
this distance.
KEITH/SPECTRA: We have to get closer!
GUS: Let's do it!
HELIOS: Let's poke some holes in their boat!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Helios! Let's find the apex!
GUS: Master Spectra!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Even a giant has an Achilles' Heel.
[\u266a]
GUS: Ability activate!
GUS: Mega Viblow!
[\u266a]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Helios! Now!
HELIOS: [mighty roar]
HELIOS: [grunt, exertion]
VULCAN: [grunt, exertion]
VULCAN: [rising roar]
HELIOS: You're nothing special. Do you hear me?
ZENOHELD: Say goodbye!
GUS: [gasp]
SPECTRA: [angry]
DAN: Ability activate! Galactic Dragon!
SPECTRA: Dan!
GUS: You?
DAN: Sorry we're late.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Better late than never.
DAN: Ability activate! Dragon Hummer.
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
[\u266a]
DAN: That's what I'm talkin' about!
Nice one Drago buddy!
GUS: Master Spectra, what's he...
KEITH/SPECTRA: I'll explain later.
Just know that we're now fighting on the same side.
DAN: Okay fellas. Let's smash this thing.
GUS: I never thought I'd see the day...
but if we have a common enemy then...
KEITH/SPECTRA: One more time, Helios!
HELIOS: With pleasure!
[blasts]
GUS: Time to bring it, Vulcan!
VULCAN: Haaaaaahhhh!
HELIOS: Let's see what other kinds of damage we can do.
GUS: Hammer Knuckle!
VULCAN: Haaaaahhhh!
KEITH/SPECTRA: It has a shield!
DAN: Then we'll just have to smash through it!
SHUN: Our turn, Ingram!
INGRAM: I'm ready.
SHUN: Come! Shadow Wing! Bakugan Trap Slash!
SHUN: Double ability, activate!
Twin Fangs, Great Sky Wing plus Twin Fangs,
Phantom Comet Storm!
INGRAM: Haaaaahhhhh!
[\u266a]
ZENOHELD: Hmmmph.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Your majesty, all the large
cannons are now set to rapid fire mode.
ZENOHELD: Hmmmm.
ZENOHELD: I think it's time we exterminate some
of these annoying insects.
ZENOHELD: Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Vestalian Cannon!
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Oh no!
BARON: Oh man. Look out, Drago!
BARON: Ability activate! Sparkly Roa!
NEMUS: Haaaaaahhhh!
MARUCHO: Ability activate! Mega Blue Shield!
ELFIN: Haaaaaahhh!
MIRA: Ability activate! Ares Ball!
WILLDA: Haaaaaaa!
ACE: Let's go.
ACE: Double Ability activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
ACE: Dain Sleif! Plus, Mortal Karbia!
PERCIVAL: Huuuuaaaahhh!
[\u266a]
ELFIN: Come on. Get ready, Nemus.
NEMUS: Yup!
ELFIN/NEMUS: [grunt, exertion]
ELFIN: Don't give up, Nemuuuuuuuus!
ELFIN/NEMUS: [grunt exertion]
ELFIN/NEMUS: [gasp]
BARON: Nice one, Nemus!
ACE: It's not over yet.
MIRA: Yeah, Zenoheld's not going to give up without a fight.
[\u266a]
ELFIN: Oh no!
MARUCHO: Here we go again!
BARON: I got this one!
BARON: Ability activate!
BARON: Saint Sky High!
NEMUS: Haaaah!
DRAGO: I can feel the power growing in me.
ELFIN: Yeah, I feel it too!
DAN: OK. Now Drago!
DRAGO: Galactic Dragon!
ACE: Percival! Go!
PERCIVAL: Geor Guuuuuuuuuuunner!
MIRA: Time to fight Wilda!
WILLDA: Fire Chest!
[\u266a]
ZENOHELD: Hmmmph.
COMPUTER VOICE: Battle mode switching from
Level 2 to Level 3.
COMPUTER VOICE: Recovery System, activating
Hyper FARBAS...
COMPUTER VOICE: Battle Arm switching to Sky Combat Mode...
COMPUTER VOICE: Battle orders dispatched to the
short-range battle Fortress division.
[\u266a]
MIRA: I can't believe it.
MARUCHO: He's completely repaired himself.
SHUN: And then some!
ACE: He's even stronger than before.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Zenoheld!
ZENOHELD: [laughter]
ZENOHELD: There's no way you can win! [laughter]
BARON: He's right. That thing is indestructible.
DAN: Everything has a breaking point.
We just have to find it.
DAN: Ready Drago?
DRAGO: More than ever!
DAN: Brawlers, charge!
ALL: Yeaaaaaahhhhh!
PERCIVAL: Haaaaahhh!
PERCIVAL: Hmmmph!
INGRAM: Huuuuuaaaaahhhh!
SHUN: We barely made a dent!
INGRAM: Hmmph.
INGRAM: [gasp] Slash!
[\u266a]
VULCAN: Hmmmph!
VULCAN: Sorry Gus, but my left arm doesn't seem to
want to work anymore.
GUS: Vulcan!
PREYAS: You'll never hit me with your lousy shots.
ZENOHELD: Step it up!
Your attacks are too sparse!
PREYAS: [grunt, pain]
ELFIN: Oh no! Preyas!
ELFIN: [scream, pain]
MARUCHO: Elfin!
[\u266a]
BARON: This is bad guys!
ACE: We're pinned down!
PERCIVAL: [frustrated growl]
ACE: We can't hold out forever!
BARON: Nemus! Don't give up!
NEMUS: The shield is buckling.
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Surge!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
[\u266a]
BARON: Nice one, Drago! You saved us!
DAN: You guys okay?
ACE: Yeah, close one .
[\u266a]
MIRA: Willda! Hold on!
WILLDA: I'm okay, Mira. Whoa!
WILLDA: [grunt, pain]
MIRA: Willda! Get out of there!
WILLDA: Mira! Run while you still can!
[\u266a]
MIRA: Keith!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Are you okay?
KEITH/SPECTRA: I just thought of something.
MIRA: What is it?
KEITH/SPECTRA: Professor Clay built this which
means that he's probably somewhere inside.
MIRA: [gasp] Really? Father?
KEITH/SPECTRA: This may be our last chance.
Do you want to...
MIRA: Yes of course.
I will never give up on him Keith.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Okay then...
Helios.
KEITH/SPECTRA: The Zukanator is a more
powerful battle gear than the Twin Destructor.
KEITH/SPECTRA: I'm not sure if your body can
support it but we have to try.
HELIOS: You never doubted me before Spectra,
so why start now?
SPECTRA: Forgive me, Helios.
GAUNTLET: Ready, Zukanator.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Battle Gear, boost!
[\u266a]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Battle Gear, ability activate!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Zukanator!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Fire, Helios!
HELIOS: Choke on this!
[\u266a]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Let's go, Mira!
MIRA: You bet!
[\u266a]
DAN: We were fighting the Alternative, and to be
honest, getting our clocks cleaned.
But then Keith and Mira managed to find a way inside.
They were looking for Professor Clay.
Don't ask me why because that dude is crazy.
DAN: Anyway, things got even more heated in the
belly of the beast as we were looking for a way to
destroy the Alternative from the inside out.
Every one of us was fighting at our most
fierce because the fate of the dimension was at stake.
DAN: We've had some massive battles before but
I'm telling you, you've never seen action like this.
DAN: Bakugan Brawl.
DAN: This is \"winner takes all\"!
[\u266a]